# Dyrt conversion

There are some libraries that were needed in NALA, but have no more need at all in Scyndi's Creative Interpreter.

SASKIA (Serial Adventure Scripting Keeping Interface Advancements) in particular is one Dyrt heavily relied on, and my reason for transferring it, even though the usage of SASKIA would in SCI be highly impractival is solely in order to not to have to change more code than strictly necessary. 

Why was SASKIA needed in the first place, you ask? NALA used MonoGame, and THAT might well be one of my biggest mistakes in my entire game development "carreer". Not only did it make me reliant on .NET which turned out to be a downright scam (but hey, it was to be expected), it also forces me into a callback structure which is for RPGs a downright disaster and actually even undoable, with textbox based events in particular. Without SASKIA the entire story based part of the game would be entirely IMPOSSIBLE. SASKIA merely created a dirty yet effective loophole at the time. If you wonder why SASKIA was abscent in Star Story and The Fairy Tale REVAMPED, well, since they use the Apollo engine which was also not super wonderful (hence the current remakes of those game as well), but at least Apollo did not suffer from the stupidity behind MonoGame, making the need of SASKIA obsolete. If you wonder why Star Story II had a scripting language that appears similar to SASKIA (even though the core fundamentals are entirely different), that was merely a speed issue, as Apollo had too long loading times for scripts. I actually already wanted Star Story II to be done in SCI, which was still in pre-development at the time, and the theme of Star Story II required me to act quick, so I had to use the engine I already had. That's all.

Since Dyrt was the only (finished) game which uses NALA, any libraries which had to be created as a result, but which could better not be in the Dyrt repository (for various technical reasons), will therefore live here. That's all.
